% The Internet
%
% 2021-12-31

Before the internet, life was quite simple, though perhaps a bit less
convenient. You'd keep in touch with your friends and family through letters in
the mail or by calling them on your landline telephone. This technology alone
revolutionized communication: being able to instantly communicate with someone
hundreds or thousands of miles away with your voice—imagine that! If you needed
news, you'd read a newspaper, or perhaps watch the TV. It was hard to imagine
a more advanced society—just look at how old TV programs featuring "futuristic"
settings portrayed the world! There was no way to foresee the advent of the
internet.

Eventually, we invented computers. It became possible to play games or write
papers or do accounting on a computer, saving countless hours. This was truly
revolutionary. You may have thought to yourself, "How could it possibly get any
better?" This was truly the future, the pinnacle of technology!

Until it wasn't.

The internet was proved out in its infancy as a way for universities, companies,
and the military to share their data. The entire internet and every device on it
could be drawn on a single map. Eventually, however, it became a little more
widespread. Now, if you had the money and the computer, you, too, could connect
to the internet. As this progressed, soon everyone was on the internet. You
could send your friends letters using electronic mail (or "e-mail" for short).
It was just like real mail, only much faster! You could share files, images, and
chat with other users—it was truly a revolutionary thing!

The internet has evolved into a massive wealth of knowledge and is used by
billions of people every day<sup>\[citation needed\]</sup>. There is a website
for everything. You can use [Wikipedia](https://www.wikipedia.org/) to learn
about anything you want or to share information with others. You can use
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) to watch videos of cats. If you want to chat
with other people or share your ideas, there are internet chat rooms and social
media sites for that. We live in a truly wonderful age where everything is
global and we can share our stories, experience other cultures, and make new
friends all at the click of a button or the tap of a screen. In fact, there is
a very good chance that you, the reader, are not from the same country as me, do
not speak the same languages as I do, and you may not even know me personally at
all!

While the internet certainly has evolved into an incredible way to share
information and make friends, it has also opened new doors which are
particularly harmful to humans. Previously, those with ugly, hateful views would
be shunned and ignored. Now, those people can find each other, group up, and
create a platform for themselves to spread hate wherever they go. It is also
easy for users online to argue with each other and be far more toxic than they
ever would in real life, all because they are anonymized by the internet. People
can spread misinformation far easier than every before. The internet is truly
a cesspit of hate, toxicity, and negativity.

However, I don't think it's too late to do something about this! I think we can
all do our part to make the internet a great place to be. Services like
[GitHub](https://www.github.com/), [YouTube](https://www.twitter.com/),
[Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/), and [Discord](https://www.discord.com/) can
be (and are!) used to spread positivity, share knowledge and information, and
encourage creativity. The internet has also made it easier than ever to find,
promote, and donate to charities to help those in need.

Next time you find yourself being drawn to an argument online or watching
a negative video, consider clicking away or trying to remain positive rather
than arguing. A positive attitude can be infectious! If we all start to do this
more, the internet can become a truly wonderful place once again. Emailing your
friends is a fun way to keep in touch with one another and feels much more
"personal" than using a chat service, so consider giving that a try as well!
There is so much more to the internet than the negativity we always see and hear
around us. We should all work together to make the internet a better and more
constructive place for everyone so that it can be the wonderful thing the
creators and early users envisioned it being.

---

If you would like to make someone else's day just a little brighter, consider
donating to [To Write Love On Her Arms (TWLOHA)](https://www.twloha.com/) or
[War Child](https://www.warchild.org)! It's now easier than ever before to
donate to such wonderful causes, so if you have a few bucks to spare, consider
giving it to those who need it. Every little bit helps!
