% Little Snowflake
%
% 2022-01-24

Some people dread the arrival of the cold, fearing its vicious bite. Others
welcome the cold, rejoicing in the departure of the summer heat. Many prefer the
interim between the hot and the cold, asserting that it's "just right." For
some, however, the winter brings with it an overwhelming darkness, almost too
heavy to bear. These individuals hate the winter most of all, dreading its reign
of terror.

The depression is broken up at times by the magic of snow. Nothing is quite as
peaceful as the silence of snowfall. Nothing comes close to the beauty of
a snowy forest or white frosted hills. Snow brings with it a brief respite from
the sadness. That gentle blanket of the purest white can shine through the
darkness and bring joy, even if only temporary.

Of course, snow is not forever. Eventually the mud begins to take over, marring
the perfect white with ugly grey-brown stains. Time brings with it the heat of
the sun, the change of seasons. The pure white winter gives way to the greens,
blues, yellows, pinks, and reds of spring. The snow goes away. It's always
somewhere—it never goes away permanently. It will be back one day, returning
once again to offer a hand in the dark.

Every day has its seasons. Some are longer than others, and no day is quite the
same, but they all have their seasons. Each day brings with it highs and lows,
summers and winters, each bringing with them new emotions and new feelings. Of
course, some days are better than others—some have no winter at all, and some
are a never-ending winter. Every winter has its snowfall, even if just for
a moment, to bring a calming breath of fresh air amid the monotonous winters of
day to day life.

It is hard to describe to you, little snowflake, just how important you are.
When Jack Frost brings his depressing darkness into the winters of the day, your
presence brings with it a warm feeling. You, the tiny white snowflake silently
falling through the air, landing and melting on my outstretched hand,
weightless, unique, and beautiful—you brighten up the dark winters of the
everyday monotony. Your pretty smile, the sound of your voice, and the echo of
your laughter are forever ingrained in my memory, ready to bring back thoughts
of happy times at a moment's notice.

Sometimes it doesn't snow. You may not always be there in the cold, and I may
not always be there to catch you when you drift silently through the air, but do
not fret, little snowflake. We will meet again, just as the autumn will always
give way to the winter, our paths will cross again. It may not be today, it may
not be tomorrow, but we will meet again, little snowflake. I will be there to
catch you and admire your beauty, and you will be there to shine white through
the cold, dark winter. I'll never stop being amazed at your intricate
uniqueness, and you'll always have someone waiting to see you. Sometimes the mud
will stain your perfect complexion, but that's okay. I'll always remember what
you looked like, and I will wait without pause for you to come again.
